Hello this is priyanshi. I am  triying to write fast but it was my first trial so i write very slowely . But i am very happy that i can write without seeing .
let's try to write alphabate:
a  b  c  d  e  f  g  h  i  j  k  l  m  n  o  p  q  r  s  t  u  v  w  x  y  z.
finally i write alphabate without seeing in keyboard. Now for today it was inuff, now see you tommorow. Bye take care!!
Hello friends ,  Welcome to new day. So it is my second day of coding . And i am triying to write something . now let's write!!!
Sorry for that disturbance actually ,I had a sleep at noon so i didn't write at that time  . Now i was continuing my tyiping . So today we are going to talk about data science course which i am pursuing write now .Actually i am very confused about my DS course , because i don't have an idea about this course that i want to do this course or not. I already invest my 5000 rs on this course of data science . but still i am trying to learn this course . Let's see what was going on .
So it's inuff for today now see you tommorow.Take care ,GOOD NIGHT!!
Hello friends , this is a new day of my life and i am doing good . What's about  you ?? so i am still trying typing fast and this is my third day of trial . Over last topic is my data science where i am confused about my course . I really don't have idea what to write so i am writing  somethig that i really don't know. So yhea! i get the topic to write  today i introduce myself. 
My name is priyanshi singh.I am from fatehabad agra , i am pursuing my graduation in BCA from agra college agra. Beside of that i am also continuing my data science course ,and right now i was completed my excel and my phython part of course .But at real i don't have a knowledge of that .I am trying to do my best in both of them . I practice it daily but can't do it  but still trying to do.
So thats about my intro!!
And this is my day 7th may i took a break of 2-3 day  bcz i go to the village for few days. My badi mummy called me for some work bcz didi is not here she is in agra ,so that's why i have to  go...now it was 11:13AM which is too late for today i was little bit tired so let's continue tomorrow...now bye and take care..GOOD NIGHT!!
Hello this is my 9th day  of typing and i again take a rest of 2 days so , sorry for that . How are you all ?? and my practice of data science and typing  was going not good  because i leave practice for  1-2 days which was not good i know but from few days i am bussy in the prepration of holi . Sorry i forget to tell about the holi . This  year festival of holi was at 24th of MARCH which was coming soon . We are going to village for the celebration of holi .